so what I've decided to do is create a
caramelized crab biscuit so first step
to take the crab roast the shell and
basically make a stop and reduce that
stock down until you're left with
something so concentrated it's
effectively crab bothell I mix my crab
Bovril with flour maple syrup and butter
and egg whites and blend so now I need
to spread it out onto this nonstick
sheet pop that in the oven for about 15
minutes the cooked biscuit is broken up
to be blitz with a special naan sweet
sugar reduce that down to powder as as
well as doing a crab powder I've done
exactly the same thing
the flavor was seaweed
the refined crab and seaweed powder goes
back in the oven once called my biscuit
is ready and you can see it's incredibly
thin and nice and crispy my biscuits
just the start of what's to become my
edible coral-reef so I'm making candy
coral using sugar mixed with seaweed
which I've put into a vacuum chamber
it's sucking the air out it's sucking
this caramel up like a souffle so here
is my bubbled sugar coral sea bed
creation next I'm gonna make a chocolate
starfish by pipe a mixture of raspberry
sorbet and chocolate ice cream into a
starfish shaped mold and set for the
mouth of my chocolate starfish I'm using
a raspberry there's one thing left to do
to turn this into a proper chocolate
starfish I need a chocolate coating I
spray on orange chocolate and add
biscuits crush with crystallized seaweed
to the base
so time to put my coral reef together
I've built a rocky outcrop in one corner
of my feasting room on which my chefs
and I place all the aquatic treats Oh
oh my god can we come with you or can we
come are we following it it's here it's
the coral rock beds
I prefer delicious very crabby
oh my goodness plop asket is good crab
in the deserts working really well for
the starfish dude it's sorbet oh my
goodness is chocolate and raspberry in
it ah
is it a chocolate starfish because I
don't mind eating some of the people
shot with starfish it well I don't want
to be eaten Hester's I mean I'll lick it
once reckon some sort of dessert coma
keep going oh my god I mean for me
hastens chocolate starfish is the best
dessert I've ever had in my life I've
got food all over my clothing
I've got sea go all over me
chocolate on my shoes Robin I've got gas
in my but I've got the bends
it's an unequivocal success no he can't
go I have absolutely loved that my taste
buds are going crazy I didn't know what
to expect and I could never a dream to a
meal like that it's like a whole assault
on your senses look I love what he does
plays a winner